 wahiba.bahsoun@irit.fr
	Rendu TP openUP.
http://www.eclipse.org/epf/general/OpenUP.pdf

> Que représente cet ensemble de pages web ?
	Doc de openup.
	
> Quelles sont les phases ?
	1 Inception
	2 Elaboration
	3 Construction
	4 Transition
> Dans quel ordre sont-elles effectuées ? 
	Cf num.
> Quels sont les objectifs de chacune d'elles ?

> Qu’est-ce qu’une itération ?
> Quels buts vise-t-on lors de la définition du contenu d’une itération ?
> Quelle est la durée d’une itération ?
	plusieurs semaines
> Quel est le résultat d’une itération ?
	Une démonstration (Demo-able or Shippable build)
	
> Quels sont les rôles principaux ?
• Analyst 
• Any Role 
• Architect 
• Developer 
• Project Manager 
• Stakeholder 
• Tester 
Stakeholder represents interest groups whose needs must be satisfied by the
project. It is a role that may be played by anyone who is (or potentially will be)
materially affected by the outcome of the project
· Analyst represents customer and end-user concerns by gathering input from
stakeholders to understand the problem to be solved and by capturing and setting
priorities for requirements.
· Architect is responsible for designing the software architecture, which includes
making the key technical decisions that constrain the overall design and
implementation of the project.
· Developer is responsible for developing a part of the system, including designing
it to fit into the architecture, and then implementing, unit-testing, and integrating
the components that are part of the solution.
· Tester is responsible for the core activities of the test effort, such as identifying,
defining, implementing, and conducting the necessary tests, as well as logging the
outcomes of the testing and analyzing the results.
· Project Manager leads the planning of the project in collaboration with
stakeholders and team, coordinates interactions with the stakeholders, and keeps
the project team focused on meeting the project objectives.
· Any Role represents anyone on the team that can perform general tasks


> Quelles sont leurs principales activités ?

> De quels produits sont-ils responsables ?
	Exemple : le … réalise ... et est responsable des produits ...
		(de préférence présenté sous forme de tableau)

> Qu'est-ce qu'un build ?
Deliver incremental value to the user and customer, and provide a testable artifact for verification.
This working version of the system or part of the system is the result of putting the implementation through a build process (typically an automated build script) that creates an executable version, or one that runs. This executable version will typically have a number of supporting files that are also considered part of this artifact.
 
> Qui le produit ?
Developers

> Lors de quelle activité ?
Lors de l'activité "Develop Solution Increment", présent dans les phases 2,3,4.

> Où définit-on le logiciel à développer ?
> Quel(s) rôle (s) participe(nt) à cette définition ?
> Quelles sont les activités correspondantes ?
> Quelle forme prend cette définition ?
